# Idea for codefundo++

My team is planning to build an application for management post the disaster effects. This application will have different ends, that is, it will be used by both - the victims and the rescue team. The essential thought is giving the victims choices to choose the sort of assistance they should be given. A message will be sent to the rescue team's helpline number with all the details like - name, phone number, location coordinates, and the type of help they need. The victim will be confirmed if the message has been sent. Now, the rescue end of the application will read the message and it will be pushed into the database on the main rescue server. Now, this location will be plotted on the map with relevant details of the victim. An appropriate aid will be sent to the victim and the status of all these events will be simultaneously updated on the main rescue server. 

This application needs to be downloaded on the user's phone. Then, he will be asked to enter the details like - name and phone number. The location coordinates of the user will be retrieved from the user's phone. The user will be prompted to choose the type of assistance they need from a list. The user can fill one or more choices. On submitting, a message containing all these details will be sent to the rescue team helpline number. On retrieval of this message, the victim will be confirmed with a notification. This message will be recorded in the rescue team's database. Then, the rescue end application retrieves this message from the database and plots the coordinates of the victim on the map. The status of the help provided will be updated on the rescue end application accordingly as these events proceed.

Technologies(tentative): Android Studio, java, xml, reactjs, html, css, azure.

